Update angular.md (#394)
ZupIT/docs-beagle: content/en/get-started/using-beagle/web/angular.md

---
title: Angular
weight: 23
description: >-
  This section shows the walkthrough to use the Beagle libraty in an Angular project.
---

---
## **Settings**

> After you finish the installation, you need to ** configure the Angular project to use Beagle. ** To do this, just perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you finish the installation, you need to **configure the Angular project to use Beagle.** To do this, just follow the steps:
```

export class AppModule { }
```

### Passo 2: Criação do JSON de definição do layout

Agora, você precisa criar um arquivo JSON que definirá os componentes que serão renderizados.

> Para uma melhor experiência o JSON deve ser criado por meio de um BFF, como configurar um BFF você encontra [**aqui**]({{< ref path="/get-started/installing-beagle/backend" lang="pt" >}}), neste exemplo usaremos o JSON que está disponibilizado na URL http://usebeagle.io.s3-website-sa-east-1.amazonaws.com/start/welcome:

Reviewer: ```
```
